=head1 NAME

rezzme - rezzme:// URI protocol handler and virtual world client launcher

=head1 SYNOPSIS

rezzme.py rezzme://some.host.com:9000/region%20name/
rezzme.py

=head1 DESCRIPTION

rezzme.py is a rezzme:// URI protocol handler and virtual world client
launcher. rezzme:// URIs allow us to specify a location in a virtual
world in pretty much the same way that we use HTTP URIs to specify
locations in the world wide web. 

Each rezzme:// URI follows the scheme suggested by RFC 2396 and can
either

=over 8

=item B<address just a grid:>

      rezzme://opensim.zurich.ibm.com:9000/

=item B<address a grid and a region on that grid:>

      rezzme://opensim.zurich.ibm.com:9000/zurela

=item B<address a grid, a region, and an X/Y/Z location in that region:>

      rezzme://opensim.zurich.ibm.com:9000/zurela/128/34/23

=item B<address a grid and include the avatar’s name:>

      rezzme://Dr%20Scofield@opensim.zurich.ibm.com:9000/zurela

=item B<address a grid and include the avatar’s name and password:>

      rezzme://Dr%20Scofield:S3CR3T@opensim.zurich.ibm.com:9000/zurela

=back

=head1 OPTIONS

You can invoke rezzme.py B<with a rezzme:// URI> and also B<without a rezzme:// URI>:

=over 8

=item B<with rezzme:// URI:>

rezzme.py will parse the URI and then contact the target virtual
world, retrieve meta data (GridInfo), authenticate the user, and, on
successful authentication, start the virtual world client (i.e., in
most cases the SecondLife(tm) client), and take the user in-world.

The launcher dialog features two tabs: the general login tab and an
advanced tab. Via the advanced tab you can override the avatar to use
for logging into to an authenticated virtual world but you can also
bookmark the rezzme:// URI, have your client cache cleaned out before
logging, and request a new avatar outfit (for those virtual worlds
that support this).

=item B<without rezzme:// URI>

When invoked without a rezzme:// URI, rezzme.py will start a system
tray icon. By right-clicking on that system tray icon you can access
bookmarked rezzme:// URIs, edit them, and display version information
via the "about" menu entry.

=back

=head1 BUGS

In the (un-)likely event that you encounter a bug, please file a bug
ticket at rezzme's OpenSim Forge bug tracker
(http://forge.opensimulator.org/gf/project/rezzme/tracker/). Including
C<$HOME/.rezzme.log> and C<$HOME/.rezzme-proto.log > will in most
cases help diagnosing what went wrong.

=head1 AUTHORS

B<rezzme> was written by Dirk Husemann <hud@zurich.ibm.com> and
contributed to OpenSim by IBM Research - Zurich.

B<rezzme> is released under the OpenSim BSD license, a copy of which
is available in C</usr/share/doc/rezzme/copyright>.

=cut